you know I figured that would lose that
loser that this person had lose it gives
you always a career so I didn't want
that to happen for me I'm so young in
the sport I got a lot of gas in my tank
and I can improve and improve and
improving you seen that today there's
good more to come a chance for Rios it
almost felt like we're in garden city or
Oxnard were you surprised by that
underwhelming the ring out of here the
crowd before I used to when I know more
you know because I was more focused and
more dedicated like I said I was full
focus on this fight to win and come back
and do it in a fashion style to show
everybody I'm back yeah man I thought
it's been a pleasure man you know I
still love you it's been like a brother
to me and you know your bounce back if
you train your abs off Brian do
everything right get back on the right
track you'll bounce back so you know
it's all it's up to him and I thumb it's
up to you abroad how you want your
fruity to you think
what is your emotional
turns over nice
feels good you know it feels good non
that but the fact that well it feel good
to me is that I want and I show
everybody that I'm here to stay still
and I'm young in the sport I still got a
lot of gas in my tank i'm not i'm not
done you everybody everybody's criticize
me that i'm a punching bag that I'm
handle head movement I'm just flat
footed I'm not dedicated I'm lazy I
don't make wage so like that man this is
the best camp ever had in my life and I
prove that your day and I sure everybody
that I'm back and this time I'm gonna
stay on the right focus and fuck all the
media and everybody just keep a straight
face
what are you surprised by how little he
brought really know what it is what it
is you know he got his issue that's his
problem you know i conjure on my top I
had to do what I had to do to win the
fight and tonight and tonight I was just
better you know the better man come
tonight that's what it was you know what
I lit up to my manager Cameron Duncan
he's a guy I don't pick nobody he's the
one so whatever Cameron says I fight I'm
ready him a robber I'm ready for anybody
Porter was it to come out to Colorado a
little bit earlier than seven days I was
you know that was the best thing we
could do you know we came on our own we
pay for our own hotel we paid you know
for two weeks with paper on hotel with
paper on food we were here for a full
training camp because we need it to be
here and uh and you know we're here for
two weeks what this is the third week
here in here in Colorado but we were in
greeley for two weeks and that was the
best thing we can join you know paid for
hotel on food on sparring partners we
had to do it we had to be here Lee never
seem to affect him you said a quick face
right off the gate no like I said cuz
I'll used to it we've been our lean on
that but back home I was doing the
Austin Chamber excuse me with dr.
Anderson oxygen chamber when I get
inside a tube it fills up like looking
more like like cold like high altitude
your ears start pumping everything I was
in that for like three months and then I
came out here and I was used to it man
alright says I did everything right in
this camp to come out victorious and to
come out victory I was not going to let
him win be me in the trilogy I did was
not because I was here to stay I'm going
to stay I'm back I'm back baby and I'm
not going nowhere huh I say my career
and a lot of question water I still got
a lot to do you know I got caught up
with all because I'm a young kid I was
poor fucking ghetto made all this type
of money I just got caught up in emotion
you know and is what happened that's
what happened when you're young and make
a lot of money so now I'm back man and
I'm not fuckin around no more fuck that
money shit I'm back to stay and be
dedicated to the sport of the box that I
love i've been here since out eight
years old I'm not going nowhere